docs/teams/seitan: EdDSA keypair is generated from seed, not from private key (#37)
keybase/book-content: D-docs/03-teams/10-seitan.md

Using the `siKey`, we
[generate](https://github.com/keybase/client/blob/98327b58939a5b769fb2025743a31fcd08c7265b/go/teams/seitan_v2.go#L103-L134)
an EdDSA keypair as follows `seed = HMAC(sikey, {"stage" : "eddsa", "version" : 2})[0:32]` 

> and `keyPair = NewEdDSA(seed)` which we use later to produce a signature to verify our invitation id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `pubKey, privKey = NewEdDSA(seed)` which we use later to produce a signature to verify our invitation id.
```
